ppt/ppt-notes.md, before:

#### A walk-through of your Terminal application, its features and how it used

##### Background

##### Purpose

##### Features

<hr>

#### A walk-through of the logic of your Terminal application and code

##### Control Flow Diagram / MVC

##### Classes/Modules

##### Pricing Algorithm
Step through development of pricing model with screenshots.
Display final formula in algebraic format.

<hr>

#### A review of your development/build process including challenges, ethical issues, favourite parts, etc

##### Agile approach
Client - me
I don't know what I want.
I don't know if what I think I want is possible with the tools available.
Preliminary research and experimentation.
Design basic model (MVP). Design additional features.
Begin development.

Kanban Method of Project Management.
Show Trello board and briefly explain lists and colour coding.

##### Key takeaways


##### Future
Real-time screen updating - Ruby Curses
Implement concurrency - Ruby Threads
Update model to account for black swan events, earnings reports, add derivatives like options and futures.

<hr>
No.	Slides must include…
R11	An overview of your Terminal application - Explain the main features and overall structure of your app
R12	An overview of your code	- An explanation of the important parts of your code

Commit message:

Add print.rb curses/thread testing file, powerpoint notes, and software dev plan skeleton.

ppt/ppt-notes.md, after:

#### A walk-through of your Terminal application, its features and how it used

##### Background

##### Purpose

##### Features

<hr>

#### A walk-through of the logic of your Terminal application and code

##### Control Flow Diagram / MVC

##### Classes/Modules

##### Pricing Algorithm
Step through development of pricing model with screenshots.
Display final formula in algebraic format.

<hr>

#### A review of your development/build process including challenges, ethical issues, favourite parts, etc

##### Agile approach

Software Development - Agile

Client - me
I don't know what I want.
I don't know if what I think I want is possible with the tools available.
Preliminary research and experimentation.
Design basic model (MVP). Design additional features.
Begin development.

Project Management - Kanban
Show Trello board and briefly explain lists and colour coding.

##### Key takeaways


##### Future
Ruby Curses - Real-time screen updating - Live Market Dashboard with real-time price updates.
Ruby Threads - Concurrency - Build GUI which can accept user input to interact with the Live Market Dashboard.
Improve model to simulate event-driven movements such as black swan events or earnings releases.
Implement derivatives like options and futures - complex derivative strategy visualisation e.g. covered calls, straddles, collars.

<hr>
No.	Slides must include…
R11	An overview of your Terminal application - Explain the main features and overall structure of your app
R12	An overview of your code	- An explanation of the important parts of your code
